Planned Enhancement - Sort by Multiple Fields (#208)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-W17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

entries at the top of the list rather than at the bottom.

**Proposed Changes**:

* **Automatic Scrolling**: Modify the list view functionality to automatically
  scroll to the position of the newly added internship application. This ensures
  that the latest entry is immediately visible to the user without requiring
  manual navigation.

* **List Ordering Modification**: Change the default order of the list to
  display new applications at the top. This approach aligns with common user
  expectations, where the most recent items are readily accessible.

**Expected Benefits**:

* **Improved Visibility of New Applications**: By immediately showcasing new
  applications, users can immediately see and interact with the most recent
  entries, improving workflow efficiency.
* **Adaptation to User Preferences**: Adjusting the list order to display new
  items at the top aligns with common user behavior and expectations, thereby
  improving usability.
* **Enhanced User Experience**: Automatically scrolling to new entries saves
  time and improves the overall user experience, making the application more
  intuitive and efficient.

### Sorting by Multiple Fields

> **Current Implementation**: Currently, the application allows sorting of data by
> a single field at a time using commands such as `c/a` for sorting cycles in
> ascending order or `n/d` for sorting company names in descending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Current Implementation**: Currently, the application only allows sorting of internship applications by
ONE field at a time using parameters such as `c/a` for sorting by cycles in
ascending order or `n/d` for sorting by company names in descending order.
```

Perhaps this would be a better way to be both specific and clear with the current implementation of the `sort` command?

Reviewer: Also, I suggested the change to "Currently" to follow the other planned enhancements!

**Planned Enhancement**: Enable sorting by multiple fields to enhance the

> flexibility of data organization. This improvement addresses the limitation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flexibility of internship applications organization. This improvement addresses the limitation of
```

Perhaps we could change `data` to `internship applications` instead?

I saw this in a few other places as well!

Author: Good point Tim!
